[Music] customade put a song in my
heart showed me a road not often taken
you gave me a start all
way why did you ever change your name all the
way why did you ever change your name
because you were like a w on the ocean Wild and Free you
came and you were like a stone coming out of
mountains never to be Ted all the
way why did you ever change your name all
way why did you ever change your [Music]
name welcome back to the very decent last
season of satanic initiation tonight we come to Bible studies and oh my goodness
I have a couple of Whoppers for you tonight it's going to be delicious and I just want everybody to remember that we
are covering everything with crosses covering everything with crosses
this is our chorus love it love it it's a decency thing um we'll have uh Gnostic
informat later um in order to provide
comment to answer some interesting questions difficult questions questions that you
wouldn't answer if you had anybody looking over your shoulder fortunately
we don't so we can go to whatever text we want and on to on lady Babylon say uh
Bible studies tonight we're gon to go in deep
welcome [Music]
tonight on lady Babylon you're going to be watching some of the most profoundly
powerful and impactful images you're going to receive these into your mind
you're going to become one with that idea and that may cause you to be
uncomfortable it's okay it's not me and while you're sitting there I had the
machine dialed for the 15th we're going to take a quick jump out tonight in the
15th and the way we're going to get there is we're going to parachute right
out of our SpaceTime vessel but it's okay because Becka Deli is Gonna Catch
Us Becka Deli is gonna catch us I'll say a few words about him after he shows up
but tonight I want to just let him sing for you everybody this is back at
Deli
oh
[Music]
fantastic kind of puts everything in perspective doesn't it now Beck Deli got
in a lot of trouble writing it now the dead medic chees liked it um and it was
at the front of the Renaissance
but in his work on the hermaphrodite there were certain things
that the prevailing society around didn't want them to be talking about or thinking
about or looking at and one of them was the
hermaphrodite what beadell did was he took that sword Edge and plunged it
right into the heart of the church and they got the respon response
that you know he should have predicted he would get he had to come to a place
to recant you too shall regant your
understanding of History love it I've brought you some great stuff tonight and I'm very happy
to be able to um to bring things to an end I'm very happy I'm very excited to
be here I'm just oh you know how it is when you're in that place and you think
wow when they said apocalypse this is what it is turn up did someone turn up
did somebody turn up that Global thermostat somebody turned up chewy did somebody turn up that Global
thermostat keeps going up fantastic let's bring you right in tonight okay
now that we purified the place Becka dely I just want to take you and show you some some of the
real give me that first oh chewy hit it beautiful yeah this is who I want you to
consider tonight if he want if he
want um yeah this is an old old old name you see the iffy on the front and the
Ana following that anasa or wanasa is an old Myan term it's an old mean term can
you see this people this is old the stuff that you think of is history this is way before it right this is before
all the stuff and what does this mean take it down um this is for every woman
in the audience tonight this is for every woman it
means the Queen's Force Queen's Force what is that I don't
even know what that is scientifically Queen's force is it a perfume can I spray some of that see if
it smells good it's making me tingle Queen's Force that's who we're looking
at okay ify wanasa let's hit the next
one oh I just want to take you to 1331 now people okay with all the clues and
everything you know what you have to do get your decoders out
1331 it is take us to the next star chart there we go I want you to read
this tonight here we go are you ready who are we talking about a pice we're talking about
a kid we're talking about a kid wanasa right a thousand years before
Isaac was getting his sacrifice if a
Janiah was the sacrifice in the 3
century when when people began to make up what you call the Old
Testament those people they borrowed sorry they borrowed
from older established mystery Cults that
followed not Moses but the
muses and so they borrowed Judaism is a creation the
religion right the religion as practiced by Ultra Orthodox
and orth Orthodox that practice is based in a
much older mystery practice where the
girl is sacrificed to the goddess do you know what we do in this
type of world this is the type of world of lalia this is the type of the world of lalia you know what we do thank
goodness sander showed us it was his mother who gave us the
alphabet what's her name what's her name we're in Italy now people did you hear feel that bump we just got to Italy
what's her name her name is carmenta wait who
carmenta um that's what we say in Rome what do those knuckleheads in Athens say
Musa oh yes okay okay fine yes yeah she was here too she did the same thing she
brought us a whole bunch a whole bunch of letters and showed us how to write how to bring these images into our
logos oh fantastic fantastic that's
carmenta nice to meet you carmenta this is your history people
right this is the history it's yours sorry let's go to 1331 flash it's
got it got my goat for some reason did you see that JY it got my
goat there he is it's not a heat hi there sweetie
there's my goat right you remember to imprint the
sacred image we cover up that which is Unholy with the sacred
image right you'll remember now the cross thank you sweetheart that's enough
go you can go back beautiful I have my goats too all right let's go I Came
armed with goats who are we talking about we're talking about the child of Agamemnon who is this who is the
predecessor that the that later civilization creates this Abraham Isaac
image it is if aah and just as the child she's a child
right remember Mary is 12 all that stuff in the temple with her
nourishment they call that the burning off of mortality isn't that great anywh
who all of that in order for Mary to be able to produce the aqua Wei people have
been asking you know and I'm not giving out the formula anymore um because
there's nothing that can be done with it in order to do it you would have to take the formula and you would have to give
it to a person over a period of years until they develop to a certain stage
that they could then produce the Water of Life can't be
done it can't be done maybe but I wouldn't I say Never
Say Never let's go back to the 1331 take these people 1331 what is she
doinga now I'm going to translate leave it up I'm going to translate for you that but it's very difficult because my
English with all my anglosaxon ancestors talking with a very limited
vocabulary we couldn't come up with much to talk with
mouth and brain things the
Greeks have some Concepts that are kind of ancient Greeks have some concept oh
that was a biting there ancient Greeks the language facilitated
the communication you think it's the chicken before the egg right but it's the
language that facilitates your development they're just beginning to
study now and see a correspondence right between our development in our
language yeah well it turns out it tracks back to some drug using what you
would call sorcery cult activity all kinds of deep
dark secret stuff medicine midwives it all goes back to
that yes it does yes in fact it all goes back okay Chewy hit me with the next hit
me with the next one um look what she's doing she's thusa what are you doing
when you thusa you know what totho means it means to take your incense and put it
on the um put it on the fire whatever method you got and to sit there and hot
boox that stuff just breathe in breathe out baby breathe in breathe out I bring
you the drug users don't I that's why you love it there's something about you I can feel you you've been here all
seven seasons and I can feel you you like it when I bring that out you like
it you do I imagine I imagine you do look what she
does here what is this girl doing she's performing
catharsis right she's performing the the
purgation this 12-year-old girl is performing a
purgation yes this is what you call the wedding of Achilles did anybody notice
that media ends up with Achilles in
alysium um yeah I thought her name was ifite it was if a Janiah ends up with
Achilles this is all about a marriage it's all about a holy marriage don't you
Christians know something about a holy marriage we bring in the New Jerusalem
which by the way is a Greek word Jerusalem is a Greek word yes it
is it's the opposite of what you thought okay let's go had
[Laughter] Aramaic yeah um people stick with us and we'll do the civilization you'll love it
but look I just want you to look at that first line a poron these are the things that cannot this is the thing that
cannot be um It's Made obvious it cannot be spoken it cannot be revealed it is
ineffable what is ineffable Amon the flocks the flock is
ineffable that's what she's doing she is fumigating the
ineffable flocks and you and I are sitting here breathing it
in oh God are you kidding me no no this
is ancient cult right you said she's 12 Mary was 12 and in the temple of
husm she was there in the temple say the cops thank you shout out to the cops woo
cops shirt show me your tattoo love it keep up the magic guys oh
God love those cops I love cops I do I'm sorry I shouldn't say
that this is for serious people but I
do um let's go to the next one go to the next Source right look at this people what is the what is the operos right
it's the Forbidden right The Forbidden that not to be spoken the secret look at this number two the sacred things it's
ineffable and then they give you the example of the flocks which is
1331 Europe upid a what does that say about a goas says a
man of mystery here cover that up they were supposed to take that up take cover the get go to the next one fantastic man
of mystery I'll show you a man of mystery look here people this is Taron take it down who is Taron you didn't
even know this guy existed did you did you know you can't know the Bible without knowing this whoa you can't
these are the dudes who founded your
mystery fantastic let let's um who who are they who are they you need to think
around late Bronze Age late Bronze Age remember this is a thousand years before any of the the Bible as you know was
invented okay fantastic we're we're getting we're getting back to something
deep yeah and here's this guy Taron who is he thank Northern Italy there's a
strange group of PE peeps in Northern Italy and these
people they ain't nothing like the italics nope they aren't they're unique
their language especially that thing's weird um palasan everybody thinks it's
palasan right there's theories in Antiquity there with
theories God love the at truscan they got to finish working on at truscan I
know they're working on it and have made ton of progress but they need to gloriously give us everything beautiful
what about that thing from limnos you guys never got that done either you know the Watchers are watching you Scholars
and although I have to give it to Harvard tonight for publishing um Becka Deli um I have to give it to them for
doing that otherwise I can't give them anything yeah no I can't give them it's it's just poopy poopy results guys poopy
there's a lot missed let's go to some missed stuff you guys can learn know you Harvard
profs pay attention you can learn some things let's go to the next text this is
John ltis and he's talking about Taron who is this guy around the Trojan War what is he doing he's a wait what is
that on the second line a Theos scopos aapos what is that take it down it is
somebody who sees through that
th yeah he was a sear do you see the sear we don't have these today and you
you hippies you you Psychonauts no I'm not talking about you
I'm not talking about you at all you think you've been there you start talking about ego death right that's
pathetic that's pathetic come back and what you got is
nothing you go there and you come back and you got nothing because you didn't
know how to tune you didn't know the physics you didn't know the complexity it's not just One Drug blasting you off
the moon and all of a sudden you got in Vision no it's
not they're compound drugs yeah and until you've had the Mania you haven't
been there till you've had the Mania full stream you haven't been there till
you've been into death and back haven't been there you just got the
get a little atomic energy out of it that's all congratulations we're talking
about the real mystery and it it's gonna take more of a hippie you know um more
than a hippie to crack this thing we need serious people on this one oh God I
love it did you hear how important that sounded take that Empire okay text come on who cares what
I think go to the text go to text what happened to Taron oh well remember now
look it's going to talk about him being the student you know who's this guy coming there's the student of the who is
this tanus and who is he well he's a lydian he's a lydian oh remember the
atrans probably come over from Lydia in Asia Minor right and what does it say
there all this stuff is made clear in the Tuscan
letters in the Tuscan letters fantastic let's hit the next one
please why even mention this well because I'm G to continue translating at
the time Evander hadn't gotten there yet right he hadn't showed up he hadn't
appeared right and what happened those letters right by that time they hadn't
been switched over we didn't have the benefit of carmenta thank you Genius of
human civilization totally unrecognized by any of you thankless
Mortals a woman in history a woman in
history who gave you the capacity to develop
this just sit and think on that for a
minute that's the Evander we're talking about and because he hadn't come around
because carmenta hadn't done her thing yet we didn't understand we couldn't work with their
alphabet but it's good that we didn't because if we had all of those things he
says all of those things that are
Aon all of those things that we cannot
speak all of the necessary future
outcomes what yeah yeah he just went Quantum on
us you got to remember this is we're working with vya right we're working with that
oracular philosophy we're talking to aeria so that we can bring the
future into the present yeah yeah so we can make the future
isn't that gorgeous now again remember we're with that
girl we are with her okay once we lose side of the
cult we're gone so Alon give me some more cult feed me everybody get back on
that Throne is everybody on the throne get back on that Throne oh okay bring it down bring it down yeah Che that's it
okay look at this guys what is she doing what is she doing she's
on hallelujah hallelujah can you hear it hallelujah what is she doing she's
Hallelujah in this freaking barbaric language and doing magic
incantations that's what that says that's what it says just like
somebody washing off the stains of murder wait what what can this what does
this girl do in the temple she sacrifices
people and washes off the stain of murder with
purifications that involve the purple if you will notice
where if aah ends up and I'll make a reference to Snake
Island if you'll notice where ifen this is the this is the place show us the
place oh God isn't that gorgeous just imagine yourself there imagine yourself
there with her uhhuh and what is she doing she is purifying you and the only
thing on that's here is a purple processing
plant down at the base down the cliffs right right there into the where
the water meets Gaia right there they process the purple
and what does she do what does the first Christ do she
sacrifices she sacrifices that's quite something to ask at 12-year-old to do
isn't it it is it is let's keep going with the text
here that's a beautiful image but let's hit the next text we need people to feel like you know they got a lot of things
to do the next one um look I just wanted to see some vocab look at look at here
here on a Ludo to cry aloud to shout loud and look at how smart we are look at Roman numeral number two to excite by
Baka cries what a lame definition we can't can't even Define what they're talking about here because you can ol
Ludo and you can alalo and you can elzo and they're three different things do
you know why because they paid attention they understood the notes of
the cosmos they understood the seven do you
have the Seven Stars I don't think you do I don't think there's a single one of
you who can bring us to death and back to life I don't think you can I think
you should take all your Pharmaceuticals and shove them you can't do
that bring me the one with the Water of Life bring me that
one then your Science Matters then your Science Matters it when they cure
cancer you won't be shocked
yeah how old do they live that's what I want to know somebody
who's been put on a regiment that controls gene expression to bring out your
viper how long do they live under the influence of the drug it turns out it's
longer did somebody do some studies on the way figure out what's going on this
is a type of medicine people that we don't know I'm releasing to you tonight
that medicine it's about gene
expression we need it why do you think they called her media because all the stuff she was
doing with all the drugs and Venoms was healing people all they had to do was
find that stick with the snake on it she was there you mean one woman is the
founder of bakic religion diet ANC cult and everything that paved the way for
Judaism and Christianity yes yes and if we want to change that
story all we got to do is say her name wasn't Musa it was
Moses yeah or Moshe whatever one Moshe was my roommate in Israel who went
crazy he was he went crazy he ran off into the woods screaming
but that's beside the point let's go back to the text okay I want to bring you some more open up some more seals
bring you some more Revelation this is fantastic go hit me with it um another little bit of vocabulary Melo yeah just
you call forth by Magic Arts call forth you don't forget this is
necromancy okay keep going keep going um you know a God can give you the hor a God
can give you the urge okay just wanted to say that throw
that in there go ahead um yeah so what happens here this is from the Bible right this is Bible study so everything
that I've set up until this point is just context kids for those of you who came to Sunday morning Bible class or
it's a Wednesday night now grandpa what's up it's okay it's okay I know my
children I know what here for my lamkins here it is it's acts
1935 and what happens oh God there's a some kind of rockus going on and um what
does he say he says to the Ephesian men he says who is it among men who does not
know that the city of Ephesus is the
neoron of the great or emus who fell from
uranos yes we here in Ephesus turn that down we in
Ephesus we are Guardians we are
keepers of that which fell from uranos the
Artemis the Artemis where did did she land where did she land she landed on
Snake Island she landed right on snake island and from that place came this the
human mind with a little with a little bit of
that burning purple you can change the world you they called her
media her name is the root for medicine yeah fantastic let's keep going
to the next one next one oh here we go I want to take you look it's gonna get a little bit a little bit rough right I
just want to show them that the NEOS was the was the okay somebody who's Warden
of a temple that's fine okay keep going let's go yeah um thank you um well
throned urania because none of us would be here
without her now for those of you with ears to
hear I want you to understand and this is fun right this is fun you you get it
I felt somebody out there get it it like popped in El thronos you know that we've seen what that thronos is right when you
have po thronos you have something that's of many a concoction of many
different Thrones and that Throne as in the Throne of Satan is
where you're able to enter that state right I want to show you some
animals getting high in a minute from an ancient text and I know none of your teachers none of your colleagues have
ever talked about animals getting high in Antiquity and I wish everybody here would would send a letter to
Harvard and Yale and Princeton that cut off its classic classical Greek program they
should send him a letter say why didn't you read us any of these texts no wonder you idiots are going
bust yes yes and when I say Bust I don't mean money you'll always have money Harvard
I'm not talking about that I'm talking about your lack of
intellectual resource course that's what I'm talking about yeah love it let's go
to the next one you can see why I'm so popular yeah no but they're writing books now that took my research right
and they're saying oh maybe he's not wrong yeah you caught up the guy Brown
said you'd catch up within 10 years took you a couple couple more than 10 years
and speaking of these animals getting high look I just want you to look at this and I'm going to give you a source
here that you've never seen people right we're we're in the seventh and we're going to finish um but before we can
finish I got to throw the really good you know this is stuff that you're not going to get anywhere else this is an
almond cocktail yeah you're not going to get this anywhere
else love it bring you Ides and what is this it's the geop ponica and this
section happens to be um on the elements of sympathy and um
antipathy right on the physical Natures what are he's gonna Define for us he's
gonna show us he's gonna show us who's gonna show us
zorer now don't get excited all you Persian fans don't get excited Cyrus out
there my buddy don't get excited I know zoroastrian right right yeah yeah yeah
this is uh Julian um or Julius Africanus excuse
me this is Africanus and he's using this
name good and what happens here look he says he's gonna explain to us everything
but I want you to jump down to manthani and line three or section three
paragraph three right and he wants you to realize that look you know you can have an elephant something giant you
know going crazy going into Mania right my nomos right and what happens he can
become calm they can become pacified yeah yeah with a um with a a
ram looking on you know do you understand me just
turn on your decoder there for a minute turn on your decoder for a minute um it's gets weird from here and um look at
uh verse four or section four is there not verse is right what happens to the bull that Wild Bull he can calm down boy
he can stop his right right bound how does he how does
he stop because he's bound he's Bound by that fruity
fruit you know what I mean he's Bound By The Fruit do you know it's a saying in
Antiquity um you can extinguish the the artor of the
bull only with the breath of the Virgin and you
think this is a place of creepiness Until you
realize that just as the atrans told us um through their
prophets um there is a language that must be used in order to access this era
yeah and um that language holds the key the heretic stuff is all there because
of that logos that Reckoning the language is bringing the Reckoning the
language is the device for your brain growth it's not just psilocybin or
whatever else they're going to start throwing at people it's not that yeah it's cocktail by the
way Water of Life if you had asked me I
would have given you the Water of Life yeah isn't that nice wouldn't you
like to produce that Water of Life wouldn't that be something that's the future yeah coming
back coming back to that ancient wisdom right can we get to the point can
we get to the point that we can understand half of what they were saying I would be happy if I could understand
half yeah fantastic why because it's just you know it's
just you know I wish I had the opportunity I didn't I swear I'm GNA end
up in tardus torturing my Anglo anglosaxon
ancestors I think yeah um let's go to the next here we
go boom yeah this is lookus yeah go luos
wolf what is going on with this what look at the wolf I just wanted you to
see the wolf now why am I bringing you a wolf this has nothing to do with the
Bible it has nothing to do yes it has everything to do with it I told you we were at the
lubia right and I told you the lubia is the prep for the mystery right what are
we doing man the boys are stripping naked they're running through the streets and beating people yeah and then
we take that same boy and we put him in front of a statue of
Artemus and we beat him publicly big crowd watching it with a leather
strap nothing serious just something to make him
scream right and what does he do he runs up to the ladies and he slaps him hits
him with that thing he's all naked Mark Anthony was supposed to be the leader of
the troop for the one they made for Julius Caesar that was ended up but he got cancelled there's some stuff that
went on they didn't like but that's lupaia this is the lopa
right this is she do you remember where that cave is Romulus and
Remis yeah you know they took her milk the milk of Mary guess there where that
comes from That's from the cave that's from the cave ramulus and
Remis and Lupa the Great Wolf oh she was wonderful she was
wonderful a thousand years a thousand years that voice came forward
the quantum physics right you you can't appreciate the quantum physics of this
um it's just impossible it just religious awe is what is the only you
know thing that kind of comes close to appreciation let's go let's go to the
next one I gota just keep uh giving this yeah oh what is this oros the fruit of
the pomegranate the fruit of the pomegranate did we have that in there that was in our wolf you know what you call a wolf
you call a wolf this the orobos and you'll see bakos in there
what is what is why is Baka associated with this give me the next one give me
the next one and by the way notice nicander theak thec or Thea is on there
869 right we've talked about thcs we all know what there for people right so
guess where we're bringing this oh oras of course this is what means what
inspiring bachans there's a lot of getting
bakas there's a lot of getting entering into that place the
thos the haruspex as you come to call it thanks
to the Romans the haruspex is that one
who sees through that divination by
fumigation right can you hear it okay let's let's go let's go to the next one
sorry I'm clipping you short JY people are getting they're like hurry up man
gnostics waiting I just wanted to see a few words a few words right with this orse in this boach you know rude look
you can do the same thing for the women and for the place and for the even the local stuff you can do that for okay
keep next one please oh God look at this we're going to read some Revelation backwards now just to get the purge and
here it comes yeah so I was taken in the spirit to this mountain you see what the
people who are the harus case the people who use the fumigation to fly
you see what they're saying I was taken up how are you taken up in PMA you know
how Mary got pregnant for those of you who are here for the Bible
study kids Mary the mother of Jesus got pregnant by God at 12 years
old doing this by means of the Holy
PMA the Holy Spirit you know what the Holy Ghost you know what for those of you who are in the circles of
Christianity or have been there you can go back and and remember how it was a lot of people have written me and said I
came out of Christianity thank you very much for doing your work and thank you guys for saying that being nice um uh
they people people are saying um hey we've come out of it and I know exactly what you're saying and it makes sense
what you're saying and I want to you know I want to explore it now that it makes
sense okay that's the perfect that's exactly why the museum was built right I
didn't do anything I just you just came in and looked around artifacts it's not mine belongs to the Muse love it and
people recognize that I love it I love it to my old guy out there I got an old aged guy love you right yes
yes even from the kitties to the to methusa right a museum is for everyone
it's for everyone that's why when somebody tries to stop you and I want to ask Neil about this when TR somebody
tries to stop you by turning you in for
obscenity yeah from Renaissance nudity right I know there's a lot of
this out there and I know it's just targeted coming my way I know
that don't get desperate people don't get desperate we the there's always a
solution if you want to shoot holes in the Falcon we'll cover up those holes with
crosses yeah we'll cover him up yeah love it oh god let's go last I know
people wanted to hear some of that so I know I'm holding people extra time here's let's do this backwards
right so you know he's taken up into the mountain in the pelma woo he's flying
and way up high he happen to go way up and what did he see he saw
Haus there we go tune that vow um it's from Heros which means holy
and the Sigma Lambda muot which in one
case that we know of is a form of medicine is a form of
medicine interesting do you mean if you go right now and look up the atmology
atmology ET ettim ET ym etimon right if
you look up the atmology of Jerusalem you're going to find it's Hebrew and there are guesses
from mishna stuff way later R when it just is sitting there with
Greek Roots it just is sitting there with Greek Roots something is wrong the
language is topsy turvy it is saying this is no this is older this is older
than you think yeah and um it's later assimilated right as the Old Testament was written
in the 3 Century it assimilated the name back translated it into Hebrew you know
those guys with the Dead Sea Scrolls do you want the secret of what they were actually doing they were sitting there
copying into Hebrew the
Greek yes and they can't do it CU their language is so
tiny yes it was by then it was lurgical they didn't have a shot they didn't have a shot at it people of course they were
doing the best they could because they were trying to build a tra a tradition some kind of cultural Foundation the
rest of the world around them had gone into civilization
mode and if you're G to be in this mode at the with the museum in Alexandria
you're gonna have to come up with a foundation right we're scientists we sit
and study these things right so this is when Judaism is really invented it is
invented then and it is based on on this older mystery cult that comes to us from
the Bronze Age of which this igia this force of the woman is the founder I'm
looking for her I'm looking for that Queen Force I'm looking for it this is
where we're we're going to look all through these texts right until we bring out lady Babylon and let you see the
most influential woman in all of Earth history
yeah yeah that's that's who we're looking for let's go let's go to the
next one we're almost through we're almost through sorry gnostics I'll hurry up here yeah salom may I just want to
see the medicine there that was andromus as well but I wanted to oh the wolf by
the way can you just go back to the wolf because I don't want people to miss this um look at this guys look at look at
number um six number six Roman numeral number six nickname of a of
past past right what do you call a past the
wolf right and is it because of you know we all have weird impressions of wolves
no it's because it's a cult and Cults have symbols that they
use and when I say symbols I do not mean images mental IM
images metaphors I'm not talking about that I'm talking about
identification I'm talking about putting two pieces of the puzzle together that match perfectly that is the sumon give
us the next one yep here we go sumon ital each of two halves corresponding
pieces of an AST Gallos or any or other object which two senoi strangers or any
two Contracting parties broke between them okay take it down yeah
so you make a contract you break this thing and it fits perfectly between the two they come together lock and key
there you are it's proof of your contract it's identification hit the next one hit the next one you're not
going to get this in the Bible School people they don't do this stuff yeah oh what is that AST galus it's a like they
would use knuckle bones knuckle bones and why why all of a sudden Gunk rat
woke up um we're talking about sore taste and what are the original sortes used
they're used with human bones have you ever seen somebody's spinal bones and
their neck have you ever seen those you can take those and fit them together perfectly like a little puzzle you take
one dudes take them out put them together this is what we do it's like a wishbone baby there's only if you break
it there's only going to be um one connector right it's going to work one
connection here we go we're making the connection can you feel this I think there coming along just fine um yeah
yeah yeah oh love it um give me the next one they don't need the milk yet secret
code wait what how this is the same definition of what I just showed you
above I just scroll down I couldn't fit the whole definition on the page what is a
symolon the word that we use is symbol in English right which is not the same thing what is ass sumble
on secret code um okay now when somebody starts
talking about secret codes walk out walk out because
99.99% of the time it's BS but I didn't bring you this secret
code these victorians did through the Greeks bringing it to us and what is
this secret code to them look at this in the Greek
tonon or
or oh you know that's good you know that's good don't you love that love
that word it's the Mystic sumon the one that they
use in those Mystic rights of
dionisis okay now wait a minute you're going to say wait a minute you said there were drugs you told me there were
drugs that they're using in yep that's good um you said there were songs you
were songs that they're yep yep they're singing um you said that there was this
frenzy Sometimes some flash eating you're gonna let me eat some flash you promised to bring me to a place where I
could eat some flashh yes yes don't worry don't worry it's all there it's
all there but this is also there this is also there yeah a secret code and what
is a secret code it's a combo get ready the linguists and the intellectually
curious we like this are you ready turn off the lights turn off the lights just
sit there it's Signum and
responsum it is a sign or a push it is a wave moving forward and a wave
returning it is a signal and a response it is the fitting
together of those vertebrae don't you love that don't you
love that that's what this sumon is and that is what is used within bakic right
go to the next one look at this what are we looking for we're looking for the orgasmos right now look at how the the
victorians translate this look at this celebrating of
Oria okay okay what does that mean what does that mean notice that they're
related there they're related there to dionisis the worship of dianis and that's why I brought you this passage to
show you look oh is that one nope that one's next go to this one yep oh it's
not now it's further down okay just stick with here let me see hang on this is my fault not chewy um yeah this is
the passage I had it in the wrong place remember you told me not to do that I'm right right chewy thank you chewy look
uh there's another explanation you know what I mean all the women all the women in this place are
totally I'm translating are totally enslaved to the orphic
rights they love these oras Mo they they
they really get into the you know to this thing um and they've
been doing it for a long time they call them they clones the MIM Malones that's
what they call them that's aonomus what their what their name is and you know
they do many of the things that the edoni do and especially they do a lot of
things that the thran women do the ones that go and celebrate on hyon Mount hyon
you know what I mean they're all doing the same things and you know I think it seems to me at least that this is where
the verb in Greek comes from it comes from this
crazy extreme cult activity and you know who's worst at this who's worst at this
is Olympus says the text she is the worstest she's the most Zealot you see that word for Zealot
zosa zosa don't she love that she's zealous to enter into that
enthusiasm that's state of total stoned yes what does she do when she's
fumigated everybody she brings in these barbaric now it's not just barbaric it's
strange to us she brings in these giant you know strange snakes and what do they
do they climb up and down people's people's um sorry um first what do they
do they're in a basket first oh look she's she brought out the Mystic baskets
right and what happens they climb out of the Mystic baskets and then what do they do they climb up the thirus and the
headbands or the crowns of the women who were there and they I love the last line
Exon andas and they scare away the
men isn't that great that's plutar talking about Olympus
and her getting into the mystery this is a real thing people I need you to recognize that it's a real thing okay we
got to bring Gnostic on I think that's it let me just make sure that that's um I'm going to go ahead and cut it yeah
I'm G to go ahead and cut it there um there were a couple other things but um I think it's nice to bring on Gnostic
informant now chewy let's bring him on welcome Gnostic thanks for having me man
that was cool I kept you for a long time jamack sources and stuff I never even
heard yet so was good stuff I probably kept you way too long you're probably
you know what it's all right taking a break from some editing anyway it's all good you're about to bring out a new
piece speaking of which you're about to what's your new topic so I'm covering
the first two centuries of Christianity and it's not the so people are told the
the understanding is that there's Proto Orthodox and there's a perfect straight line from Jesus to Paul to Justin Martyr
irenaeus Yus and so forth that's [__] the early Christianity was a
lot more wild a lot more ritualistic a lot more platonist a lot more
Pythagorean orphic Style bakic Style it was very religious a lot of
mania a lot of eucharists a lot of taking substances going out Into the
Wilderness uh it's dropping out of society having egalitarian societies and
Cults um with women in charge there's a lot I have a lot of sources proving that
too so I'm going to show people early Christianity is not what people try to
make it as a lot of times people look will back backtrack and say these people
were Heretics and they always were Heretics everyone always knew this but the the truth is no one knew that these
people were Heretics these people were revered among Christians popular writing
texts in Alexandria with funding with uh support and patrons and these were the
early real early Christian fathers and some of these so-called Heretics are have genealogies that bring
themselves into the so-called 70 Disciples of Jesus for example marcion
is a big one marcion is the first Christian to have a Canon a new
testament and he according to the sources even the people that hay him say this that he was a student of
thus which is one of the people that Paul traveled with and his father was
filus filus is is is counted among the 70 disciples that actually knew Jesus
he's one generation away so you'd think this guy would know a thing or two and by the way in his possession is all Paul
PA's letters how does he have all Paul's letters it's not like today where you just can fact stuff around and send
emails you you have a cop if you have a copy of Paul's letters in this early second century you know people that knew
Paul you're you're right there right you're in that world you're part of that s system of early Christianity so I'm
highlighting that and then I'm going after I show how the evidence proves this then I go into what did they
actually believe what were they doing and it's a lot of wild what you would consider bakic you know bakic in the
sense that there's they're going through these ecstatic worship ceremonies speaking in
tongues um taking Eucharist and baptisms and going wild and getting the Holy
Spirit like there's a lot of that going on this there there's there's um there I have a whole list of these these early
Christians and like what they what they were talking about what they were doing and that was one of the big ones was
obtaining the holy Spirit was you would have to go into an ecstatic state of
ecstasy and Mania for for the for the Holy Spirit to possess you and that was important
that's bigger than anything else so um yeah there I'm gonna show that too yeah
no I love that I love that um entering the spirit you know what I mean and the all the prophets are doing it you know
what I mean and all the people the priesthood that's getting the voice to speak over the in the Tabernacle they're
all doing the same thing they're all performing that same mystery it's
fantastic I love it I'm glad that you're I'm glad that you're seeing it I hope you can bring us some dirty stuff you
got any dirty sex stuff from oh yeah early Christians I got all yeah I got I
got lots of sources about some of their ritual stuff there's Eucharist where Seaman is involved drinking
semen um good yeah you're going to see it you're going to see it good good I'm I
can't wait I can't wait so I had you on Neil because I wanted to ask you a couple of questions very specific
questions um number one tell me um what is your estimation of Academia
particularly Bible scholars and the the um investigation of
antiquity what what's your what do you think so because I'm glad you said
specifically Bible studies because I I've been saying this and I'll keep saying it I think Bible scholars
seminarian uh uh Academia is like not even minor
leagues compared to the major leagues that is Classics right I wouldn't even say it's minor leagues I'd say it's like
high school it's like it's is junior varsity no seriously though I mean like
let cut the [__] like this to get the best get best New Testament scholar you
can get and their range of like history is just they're not required to do what
Classics are classes are supposed to do and you could tell me with but better experience than me I'm just hearing this
from talking to people like you and other classicists who are just like they look at the the current state of Bible
studies and Bible SC Academia new test in scholarship and it's just it's so
pigeon hold it's so basic like biblical Greek you have to learn biblical Greek
whatever that means instead of actually like getting into like the attic and the classical Greek you just have to learn
just what's in only you only got to learn the Greek that's in the Bible that's it like there's a whole book on
this like learning biblical Greek and it's just you're literally just learning the vocab that's in the Bible so you
don't even know what these words are analogies are like it's and and and just real quick before you comment on this
and then you hear him talk like I don't want to say names but like there's a big Bible scholar out there who will often
times to explain some sort of um to explain something in the New Testament
right because you can't explain what's going on in the New Testament without having the background of the culture and the history but before it like this
Christianity just Sprout up out of the ground as a a miracle like without any influences from before it right everyone
knows that that's just common sense everything's like that so you'll like this person in particular I'm I'm
thinking of starts um giving an explanation of like some of the DIY Wars
between Alexanders generals and it's so bad it's they're getting people's names
wrong getting dates wrong like it's like it's not even like it's not even like um
associates degree level knowledge of this type of stuff like it's like some
it looks like this person just found out five minutes ago from Reading Wikipedia and then extrapolated some stuff and
wrote it down it's just like whoa and like that's your exp this person was comparing
ccus and how he was the son of God to like Jesus I think that's what they were doing and and I just remember just
reading it because I five years ago I would have read that and be like oh cool I didn't because I don't know nothing but now that I'm like actually studying
the the history the helenistic era DIY Wars you know the antigonid the ccids
the tmes um th lmus and like getting to know what was going on in that time what
were these different Cults like what were they doing what was this what was the culture of the time period and then I read something like this and I'm like
now I know why now I know why classicists laugh at the state of Bible scholars just saying yeah yeah a aimen
to that which is a shame because they have those texts but they um they don't
really belong to them right you have to look at it and this is what troubles me
because this is what impedes Renaissance is when you take a group of people and
say we're going to control the media surrounding these this evidence as soon
as you do that you get appropriation right that's why you have people justifying terrible terrible acts
over well you know know God told him to kill all the women in village and that it was for the glory of God um when you
have a group of people teaching like that um you can guarantee yourself 100%
of the time you're not going to get an accurate look at that evidence it the evidence belongs to us the New Testament
belongs to us it's a human document part of history and right it shouldn't be
separated like it that's what that's what that's what's so crazy about separating classical scholarship
classical philology from New Testament studies why why why are they separating those two they need to be that this this
is part of the same classical philology world that it was written in so why are you separating it you don't do that you
don't take like you don't take Homer and just make it its own thing and then separate it from the rest of the
classical studies why would you do that how would you understand Homer without understanding hiad or understanding you
know the pre like the stuff that happened before like how would you know you would just be just focusing on Homer you'd be so be so pigeon hole and blind
to to understand what's going on yeah exactly exactly and why is it you give
just this material to be guarded by these people who are not into the rest I
can tell you why this is what I think because it it began as a thing that was
controlled by Christians in in scholarship like these these very
Christian universities these Catholic universities dominated that space for so
long and it's it still affects the way it is today even today you get you know classical or um you know PhD New
Testament Scholars that come out of a seminary and they they still have to sign a document saying that they believe
in Jesus even if they don't they'll just lie and sign it just to get their PHD like why is that even there
still right it's like why why would you have a you couldn't see this in physics or chemistry can you imagine wouldn't
take a a great astrophysicist and say you know what all your work is great your math is straight on nice articles
nice books um but you got to sign this statement because we only want you to
present this material a certain way it's total control yeah and that's why Julian
is saying this has to stop and I don't think people realize Neil this is why I was so you know this is what really gets
my goat is is when do we have can we bring up the goat now put him on too
there he is there he is this is what really gets my goat um is the fact that
this material is being essentially altered to be presented to you in a way
that some group wants you to understand it right the reality is being fed to you
through a lens and all you got to do it's all you got to do is shadow that lens shadow of that lens and stand back
and look at the text look at the text and do what a scientist would do just do
what a scientist would do and look at the evidence and say what do these words mean and where do they come from and all
of a sudden when you start doing that the whole propaganda that started with the
early church and I'm not talking about the freaks who were on drugs I'm talking about the reformers the church fathers
cury guys who were trying to put control trying to put that horse you know a bridal on that horse right yeah yeah
real quick let me jump in and say something about that because the the the case that these so-called gnostics are
trying to make for themselves being the legit Christians was that they are doing
exactly what Jesus and Paul are doing they're getting their Divine messages from the Holy Spirit through
inspiration that's correct that's biblically correct this the the her
ologist or they call him Proto Orthodox I hate that word there's no such thing you're looking back and then you're
classifying him as Orthodox because they won so these Proto Orthodox people you
know what they you irus actually says this that Authority only comes from a
bishop because the bishop is the Living God on Earth where where do you that is
so against the message of Jesus that it's not even funny the guy that's walking around talking [__] to Pharisees
and Sadducees because they're all obsessed with the law and they're obsessed with authority and having the high places and the you think that makes
you that's why would that be the case but it so it's like how did how did someone with that message win out
because it fits like a glove for a Roman Imperial religion you're not going to let some guys that are taking getting
ecstatic speaking in tugs taking drugs and getting the message from the holy spirit in control of your cultural uh
Norm forms you're going to have some guy well dressed in his nice robes and he's got his well written books NE next to
him and he's you know he's got Bishops in all these different cities that he can like write to and set things up with
it's way easier to control it's way more uh the legistics of it makes way more sense but and for me personally the idea
that oh we're right because we have Bishops and Bishops have authority
because they're Bishops over oh we're right because we're getting the Divine message from the Holy Spirit like that
is making a lot of sense to me right whether you like Christianity or not this is beside the point it has
nothing to do with the video what I'm doing is I'm just saying within the Christian World here's what we're looking at yeah yeah you know I mean
yeah I totally get what you mean and I know that that's why Becka Deli um was
doing what he was doing he was trying to break through that Authority and say look you know we're humanists
you you know you don't influence us and he tried to write about the very heart
of the mystery and it was so much for that control structure that um they they
uh it some one gentleman um said people blamed the
Reformation on the examination of the hermaphrodite seriously seriously your
mind is that small right it's I just can't believe it Neil it's um we're
going to be swallowed if if we're let me finish with this question for you if if
we are in a period following a Renaissance that followed Dark Ages that
followed the height of Roman civilization if we are in a period That's following that Renaissance and
that enlightenment do you think now in society that we're going forwards or
backwards are you gonna where are you going to put put us on the scale of you know progress towards classical
civilization or um turning away from it where are we well we're turning I would say this
we're turning away from those dark ages of the church being in control of every facet of society even during Reformation
days it's it's like either you're a Lutheran or a Catholic or a calvinist or maybe you live in England you're an
Anglican and they control all facets of society coming into the Americas and the
French the French were contemporary with the Americans on this um was the idea
that we need to get away from this this system and allow you know freedom of religion stuff like that so going I
think that and that's and that's reverting back to the classical age of the democ Ry of Greece of having your
own personal mystery religions wherever you are and not having to having to answer to some top down system in some
other city so I would say moving forward in that sense is that what you
meant yeah so do you think you just you just sparked something in my brain if
what you're saying is Right are we could be in a position where there could be a
Reformation of the church itself the church could assimilate the new
information that's coming about itself and it change it could form something
new I was thinking we're just in a place of Darkness where we're gonna go back
down that path of the Dark Ages it could be it if you know think about not to get
political I'm not g to be political but but I mean I have to say this the the dude who just got picked to be the house
speaker speaker this guy is not just a Christian like every other person in Senate is everyone in Senate is a
Christian everyone they're all Christians or there's a couple of Jewish people in there and then there's one
person who considers himself an atheist Andrew Yang in the whole Congress all Christians and Catholics but these
people aren't really cath they just say they are they're not really like they just say it this guy is legitimately
thinks the world's 6,000 years old he think God created the world in seven he thinks Adam and Eve are literally real
like this guy is legitimately a fundamentalist Christian he and if you think about it if the
president dies the vice president becomes president the vice president dies he becomes president he's third in
he's the third most powerful person in the nation so looking at something like
that then I agree with you because it could go either way either we either we
as a society go that way in that direction cuz that's it's right there for the taking on that side I'm not what I'm
saying well going towards the principles that Greece and uh you know you know
Greece and Rome laid out in the Republic days and helenistic era democratus and
or um demostenes and Solon giv giving those laws and stuff like that um that
that made civilization right we are and and so so there's like half of us in the world that are trying to go in that
direction and then modern not just not just to do exactly what they did but to to to have that same layout system but
you're right though and there's another half of the society that wants to go in that other direction and they're and
they you can see this these people are all over Twitter and they're they're always talking about look look at this
beautiful church that was built in 1532 why can't we build stuff like that anymore we're so weak today in society
this is what they try to St and like so they they are a strong force in the
culture of think of that type of thinking so you're not wrong I don't think you're wrong any more anymore than
I think what we I think it could go either way we're in the middle right we're at a fork in the road right now
yeah yeah notice that the guy is also that same guy is part of this group that
is you know they're going to change education they're going to change the way that we look at the world notice
that they're all saying the same thing that that Christianity produced
democracy that our beloved nation is producct of uh excuse me you could not
be you could not be more Incorrect and I know Neil that you've put up quotes to try to yell at people and say look it
wasn't they did not think that way yeah people you'll he people like bench up here will say like you know the
Constitution is a judeo-christian document yeah really oh my God it's so bizarre
because everything you find in the Constitution you can find in Pre
Christian Greece like in in the laws of Solon for example in the laws of De in
the orations of of deases I just mentioned both of them but even Roman Republic era constit constitutions were
were given by the goddess this was this was understood by everybody the goddess whether it's
Athena or manura the goddess with the with the helmet and the shield and the spear and that she's the symbol of the
Constitution because the what the Constitution does is it's a Divine thing
in this in in this sense why is it a Divine thing what do you mean is it magic well here's what it does everybody
whether you have a better abilities and capabilities of someone else or not under this constitution you this person
that you can have that you can easily out um you can easily outdo somebody
because of your wealth because of you have you have access to an army you have you control the grain whatever you are
you're a senator high up somewhere that person's just a plebian right but the Constitution puts up stuff that protects
this person with their rights so that you are bound by these
same these same Powers basically like that's what a constitution does it's
power it sets up a system where people have protections right so that that's a
thing that is like so important um and I just want to say one more thing about
judeo-christianity having some sort of claim to this because I there's I can
see why they would say this but it's wrong but here's the thing so we were talking about how septu agent and the
pentat was created in Alexandria uh around 300 270 BCE right
well one of the questions I get from people who are skeptic of this Theory will say why why do they care about
creating a Bible for people in Israel why wouldn't they just write their it's
a decent question on the face but it's really simple once you look at the situation this is why I talk about the
diak key knowing the history knowing what was going on in the world at this time is so important because if you look
at the sources right around 300 312 320 BCE there's a giant War over Israel
between taly and the son of antigonous Demetrius and fought literally in Gaza
this is CRA like another war in Gaza there's a thousand Wars that happened in Gaza throughout history this was one of
them and tmy I was I just told this story the other day on someone else's stream I'll tell it to you it's such a
great story Plutarch tells it the best he says that um young
Demetrius so demetrius's father is antigonous the oneeyed famous General
who served under Alexander the Great and Alexander the Great's father
um uh what's his name um uh Phillip so this guy is an OG he has one eye from
war like he's a he's an OG his son is Demetrius now antigonus is still alive
during this time but he's controlling Greece he's controlling Macedonia he sends his son Demetrius to go fight tmy
tmy also fought under Alexander the Great side by side with this guy's
father so they have a bond they're like brothers he's going to fight he's sending a son to go fight one of his
brothers so he goes down and they find each other in Gaza and T tmy sets up his
army and Demetrius sets up his army and they they fight tmy destroys him
absolutely annihilates his whole army takes all of his fleets in this in the Mediterranean Sea takes all of his
golden chests that he had because you have to when you're traveling you need funds right takes everything all of his
tents all of his all of his horses all of everything gone and he now Demetrius
is on his knees expecting to be executed right then and there Tomy walks up to him yeah good you did good kid it was
good for a first fight uh here here's all your chest back here's all of your
fleets back here's all of your horses back you get out of my land I own this land now I'm taking all these Jews here
this is the reason why I tell them story I'm taking all these Jews here they're my slaves not yours go back and tell
your father you lost come back in about a year when you get better and we'll fight again which does
happen by the way um but anyways the reason why I told that story is because now talmy controls Israel he takes
hundreds of thousands of slaves from Israel to Alexandria Egypt about two
decades later is when this septu agent pentat gets created now the question of
why would they do this well I if you can't see it now I don't know what the to tell you because when you control a
land you have to set up laws that are in line with what your ideology is talmy
had all the incentives in the world to set a set up a a uh mythology a history
and a set of laws to govern Israel he does this by the way Russell gurkin from
Copenhagen sem seminar uh International writes a whole book about this showing
that 95% of the laws in Deuteronomy numbers and exodus are from
Solon Solon and ligis and only 5% of them are found in
Babylon Babylonian laws so what they did was they took all the cultural norms and
legends about Abraham and Moses and all these people they wrote rewrote these stories but they inserted new laws that
would be that would be a beneficial to the state of the talic Empire and then
guess what happened they did this and then they let all those slaves go back to Israel with their new set of laws
that is what that's geopolitics that's what happens in the world right now when you set up when you conquer a new land
you set up a new government you put a new constitution there you get a new it's this is what H this is normal stuff
that happens all the time so that's your answer to why would they do this of course they would do this why wouldn't
they do this they controlled that land so brilliant brilliant brilliant did you
notice I want everybody in the audience to notice the precise use of um the
sources Neil is just reading sources right and he's just taking material from
sources that's all he didn't think this up he didn't sit around and right he realized it when he's putting evidence
together so that he can make a case like the academic should be doing doing but don't because he's operating outside
think about what Neil just said right if that's true Judaism is an invention of
the thir century and further down an invention it is yeah yeah think about
what that does think about what that does to this very time in space just to
say that will cause commotion right you're not going to be popular for
saying that kind of thing Neil you're standing with the sources and because of that I will stand right next to you yeah
I'm not the only one saying it there's peerreview material on it not I'm not like I'm making this up out of thin air there other people that came to the same
conclusion and I didn't even know this I came to this conclusion on my own work
and then I found out that other people through peer review through through actual academic regular study have come
to this exact same cusion as me and um what was I going to say um yeah it's um
and that's that's what I that's the reason why I was saying that is because when people say judeo-christianity are the laws that are from the Constitution
it's like no this is standard constitutional republic that are set up
by ancient Classical Greece uh thinkers like so long very the very idea that the
slave religion of Christianity could have produced
democracy is a joke it's myis is standing there your slave religion
sucks right it's gonna it's going to destroy our society Christians if I can
make an appeal to the evangelicals this is we'll end up with two appeals I'll do mine you do yours Neil and we'll call it
a night um my appeal is to the evangelicals out there you think what you're doing is bringing America you
think you're bringing the freedom you're not you're bringing your own chains you're taking the democracy that was
built by people who went to those classical sources and for their
inspiration and said oh democracy Athenian invention sounds good let's try it here in America you're taking those
people's work and you're destroying it so that you can be enslaved enslaved to a
Theocratic Orange monster that's what you're doing morons
it's you people who will drag down this country and I'm not the one who said it
Thomas Jefferson said greatest the greatest threat to the fledgling
American democracy is the Christian church right him and a lot him and a lot
of other uh F uh you know constitutional fathers whatever you call them they a
lot of them were saying this stuff Thomas Payne was all over this stuff um Franklin every they're all were they all
they all were even the and and they it's and yeah they were friendly to the churches because they
these are people living in the nation they're not going to they're not going to genocide Christians they weren't that's not what they're trying to do
it's not what me and you are trying to do it's just that you don't let that be the power that at you don't let them
have the power it's that simple like go ahead be a Christian over there you're fine no one's gonna mess with you but
you're not taking control because your system is just the last 3 400 years we
can see over in Europe they're not doing okay over there so and I just want to say something else about the um about
the idea that it's an invention well here's here's one something I want to people to think
about because the question would be how do you know it's an invention how do you know they weren't already you know doing
something similar before the Greeks conquered them well we could we have time capsules to to show this well the
first time capsule is the Phoenicians going down to car going over to Carthage and what do they believe in is there is
there Abraham stories over there no is there what gods they worship oh they're worshiping all the same Gods everyone
else is worshiping oh interesting and this this and they start colonizing
after 700 BCE they're still colonizing in the five six 400s they're still so
it's like they're right next to them why why aren't they where how come they don't know all this King David stuff
they just don't I'll even go closer to 300 BCE and 400 b 400 to 500 between
that 400 to 500 BC you have a large amount of Jews moving down to Egypt to
elephantine and they left they left traces we have physical text in Aramaic
from this time period and you're this is 400 500 BCE this is after well this is
like contemporary with the Persian period right Persian period it's second temple they should be they should have a
whole whole Torah by then right they should have the whole Bible it should have everything nothing they don't have
anything like that they don't even say the word Judaism doesn't exist in this text there is no Torah in this text
there is no legends about Abraham it's worshiping Yahweh yeah that's there we
know Yahweh is pretty you know he's Iron Age God you know we we know that but guess what we don't have guess what he
also is doing they're also worshiping o Cirus and Isis and mat and Kum and uh
and Horus so it's like and P standard polytheistic Egyptian stuff
written in Aramaic by people that call themselves Jews is it is it any wonder
that tacitus comes along and says oh they were just they were worshiping set on crate and ended up you
know ended up going elsewhere and and and you know what bothers me about that is there's so there's if you read the I
think the Oxford translation has like a little commentary on the bottom saying most Scholars think he's wrong or
something like that but like we know for a fact that the Philistines are from CRE
the Philistines that are living in Gaza and and those cities in on the coast who
are Canaanites they are part of the same they speak they have a Phoenician
alphabet and everything they are from CRE so is he really wrong for saying
that they came from CRE not he's he's looking at the geography and he's looking at his probably he probably has
sources of History mentioning the when the pans fled from CRE and and went
different directions and that was one of the directions they went was the they became the Philistines pelep pelet is in
the Egyptian sources and it comes from pesan and I'm I'm not the only one that said that there's like 10 different
Scholars who have pointed this out P pelet probably means probably is a
derivative of pesan I love that I love that I um I hope it
can be I hope we can open that up even more it's a froner um it's a that also mean that pal
that also mean that Palestine comes from pan too those Philistines are poo man
they're old old oh yeah they've been there they were there before even according to their own Bible the
biblical text even says the Philistines were there before they even got there yeah so even they even they had no way
around that one what happened what happened Neil to the Canaanites that were there because
you know every everywhere you go in Israel you dig down deep enough you get to Canaanite some kind of Canaanite
development and they're all gone they're all gone what happened do you think
let's just predict the future and this is terribly serious but satanic initiation is terribly serious um if we
have all of these people that have been in a effect wiped off of the map of
History um in Antiquity because you don't have any Canaanites walking around you see any Canaanites I don't see any
Canaanites right you see any [__] no you see any ammonites you mean there's a group of
people yeah there were they were just like languages just like
languages Neil people get wiped out I'm wondering is that what we're watching
now are we watching that history develop and and you know people sayoh you're
going to be political right the whole world right now is looking at this the entire world is looking at Israel and
Palestine they're watching this so all all I'm asking is as a historian as
location where it's going are we just doing it again tmy and
and and Demetrius fought there um like the the Egyptian pharaohs fought the
Hittites in this region this is this is like this the the stadium for Wars or something this this little Gaza Strip
for some reason you know always right there you know that's weird you know
that's why the evangelicals love it too they love it because this is exactly what they prophesied this is what we've
all been saying for so many years and writing down in these novels and left behind this is what we're all sitting
there in our pews Neil we Christians we're all waiting now don't tell anybody
but the Christians know that the Jews will be wiped out in the end they
already know that and they're rooting for the ready they're waiting to backstab once the once Enemy Number One
is gone which is the Muslims and then all of a sudden it's gonna be Enemy Number Two the Jew like they it's messed
up dude and they're sting blood people and there's there's people
children dying I'm not sitting there choosing one side or the other it's this difficult situation it's but it's not
good I'm not sitting there rooting for one side to kill the other side that's not what I'm doing I think that's I'm
just getting I'm just getting sick of watching them of kids dead I'm getting sick of looking at dead kids you know
what I mean messed up so messed up welcome to the messed up world somebody turned up the thermostat the mental
thermostat I think that's fantastic Neil I'm gonna give you the second to last word then I'm gonna hail Satan and call
it out so just give me a shout out or whatever you want to say man just check out the sources get get
get acquainted with the ancient sources and get an understanding and it's a it's a it's a big world it's a big world it's
a big history and uh there's never it's never there's there's enough for
everybody to come up with something and have come up with a um some understanding of what what what happened
because history is kind of a mystery in a way we don't we don't have it all fleshed out there's there's there's some
uh there's some things to look into to and stuff you know it it's uh it's it's
open for anyone to go and and explore and bring something back and show people
because it's vast everywhere you go every part of the world yeah amen that
sounds like something spoken by somebody who's guarding the doors of the museum I love it Neil I'll Stand By Your Side you
and I and tardus baby love it love it um I'm going to end up by saying you know
what we've just attained h Satan hell [Music]
Satan a worldly reown on the day that it came
an you just turned it down all the
way why did you ever change your name oh way
why did you ever change your [Music]
name